Emit debug info within QIR when requested (#1288)
microsoft/qsharp-compiler: src/QuantumSdk/README.md

## Content ##

> The NuGet package Microsoft.Quantum.Sdk serves a .NET Core Sdk for developing quantum applications, meaning it acts as [shared SDK Component](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/core/project-sdk/overview).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The NuGet package Microsoft.Quantum.Sdk serves a .NET Core Sdk for developing quantum applications, meaning it acts as [shared SDK Component](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/core/tools/cli-msbuild-architecture#the-tooling-layers).
```

Reviewer: Reverting since the 404 error with the link seems resolved now.
